Alright. In this video, I wanna
introduce you to something called
a UriComponentsBuilder. And like I said,
I didn't like having that api_url
hard-coded in the class. So just a
quick code review, what I've done here in
the in term, is I added a property api.url. And now we have that api string
there. And it externalizes to
application.properties. A property
that we can override at runtime, or
deploy time, if we wanted to change this.
So this is an important thing to be
doing.
It makes our code or application a
little more versatile here. Now let's
come back over here. And what we wanna
do is I wanna get rid of this limit. So
we'll just have the URL for the API
there. And now, we'll come in here. We're
gonna define a UriComponentsBuilder. Just call a uriBuilder. We're
gonna do it fromUriString, and
then, we'll put that api_url in there. And
actually let's make it more
readable here. Now what we wanna do is
also add a queryParam. And we'll
call this limit. And we're gonna pass in
the value of that limit. And now this
changes here, we're gonna get rid of this.
That's kind of a little hackish. And
we'll say uriBuilder. And we'll say
toUriString. So that's gonna give us
the String for the RestTemplate that we're
using. So let's go ahead and we'll bring
this up and run it. And make sure that
things are still working normally. Over
here.
Get a big results up. All 33 of them. So
we can see a bunch came back, and that is
still working properly. If we back up,
let's do five. Now we can see that things
are binding properly as we expect it to.
so just to recap what I've done here in
this lesson, we took the api_url. We
externalized it to application.properties.
Now this is externalized so
we could override that and when we go to
deploy this application. This is a very
good habit to get into. It's no longer
hard code in the class. That's a
considered a very bad practice. And now,
we are injecting that using the @Value
annotation. So we are using Spring
expression language there to go out and
get that property from the properties
file. That's gonna get injected
into our class at runtime. And because we
have a single constructor here, Spring is
able to autowire this without using the
@Autowired annotation. So it's gonna
provide us an implementation of the Rest
Template. And now, we are using this UriComponentsBuilder to build up the
string. So it's gonna build a query
string from us. So this is really handy
to have, if we had a bunch of query
parameters, we could inject them here. So
it builds up that properly formatted
query string for us without us having to
remember that syntax which can be very
error-prone. So this is a much better way
to be exercising this API in conjunction
with RestTemplate.